Building controller modules (#1273) (#287)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-controller-viewing-dashboard.adoc

[id="controller-viewing-dashboard"]

= Viewing the Dashboard

.Procedure

> * Click the Menu icon to hide or display the navigation panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click the *Menu* icon to hide or display the navigation panel.
```

> ** On the main Dashboard view, a summary appears listing your current *Job status*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** On the main dashboard, a summary appears, listing your current *Job status*. 
```

You can filter the job status within a period of time or by job type. 

> ** Also available in their respective tabs are summaries of *Recent Jobs* ran and *Recent Templates* used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** You can view summaries of *Recent Jobs* and *Recent Templates* in their respective tabs. 
```
